security: change command line embedding for oiiotool & maketx output (#4237)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenImageIO: src/doc/oiiotool.rst

        if the `-a` command line flag was used.

.. option:: --history
            --no-history
            --nosoftwareattrib

    By default, oiiotool writes "OpenImageIO <version>" and a SHA-1 hash of
    the command line as the "Software" metadata in output images.
    
    The `--history` option appends the full command line arguments and appends
    that information to the "ImageHistory" metadata as well. This behavior is
    "opt-in" because some users may find it undesirable for metadata in the
    image to potentially reveal any proprietary information that might have
    been present in the command line arguments.
    
    If the `OIIOTOOL_METADATA_HISTORY` environment variable is set to a
    nonzero integer value, the `--history` option will be enabled by default,
    but can be disabled on the command line with `--no-history`.

    The `--nosoftwareattrib` option prevents even the minimal default information
    from being written, so that no information about the software is written
    to any metadata field.

    Prior to OpenImageIO 2.5.11, the full information was always written, but
    could be overridden with `--nosoftwareattrib`. Beginning with 2.5.11, the

>     default changed only say the software name and version (unless the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    default changed only save the software name and version (unless the
```

Reviewer: or since "saved" is used later in the sentence in a different way and so could be confusing:
```suggestion
    default changed only except for the software name and version (unless the
```
